WEB SERVICE GEOSPASIAL

	In the discussion before it has been described on MapServer and MapProxy and Geographic Information System. Now will discuss his WebService. How to use web service on geospatial data. To process the geospatial data, required a service that bridges between the server and the data processor. This is necessary because the data is accessed every day is dynamic and applications that require geospatial data of course requires regular updates that are not possible on the client side.
problem solution
Web service is a software application that is not affected by the platform, it will provide those methods that can be accessed by the network. He will also use XML to exchange data, especially on the two different business entities. Geospatial Web Service (GWS) helps users find, access, and sometimes manipulate the data of interest in the dynamic web of distributed network. GWS is designed to collect data once and update or edit them in real time ..
Many GIS users do not follow the development of tools and standards that facilitate the creation of dynamic GWS to access geospatial data and products. However, non-experts are already deploying GWS built to SUN (Fischer 2009). This article seeks to briefly explain select geospatial web services and to introduce the reader to demonstrations and selection tools that enable interoperability GWS.
It describes the tools and resources that are useful for those who want to build their own geospatial services. Implementation of GWS, both for geovisualizations, spatial analysis, cell phone, or options geogrid, which is enhanced by collaboration with a consortium of regional and global (eg, Consortium Geospatial Open (OGC), the Open Source Geospatial Foundation (OSGeo), the Open Grid Forum (OGF)) , national institutions, and industry. OGC cooperate with a wide spectrum of users. Many tools are used to provide the functionality described as GWS is geoportals that spatial data services infrastructure (SDI) initiative, and the scientific community and the social sciences. To overcome this, then known as the Geospatial Web Service. Where specified as a standard web service by the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) .The system or the workings of the Geospatial Web Service or less the same work with web services in general. However, there are specific things that need to be considered such as:
- Web browsers used typically use: Open Layer, Leaflet Js or whatever.
- GeoServer consists of: WMS, WMTS, WCF, WFS.- Data Store consists of: Shapefile and others.
